# INDUCTION2025
# Day 1 (31st july,2025)
## With the start of first day at college we visited gurudwara sahib located in the college campus. The shape of Gurudwara sahib was resembling to ship which teaches us that we all are in a jahaz or ship of waheguru/god.After having prasad,i went to the auditorium where we got our welcome kits. Then after couple of minutes, we see the motivational video of 2 successfull alumini. The college has also completed their 70 glorious years. After this, we were addressed by respectful dignitaries of college: DR.SEHAJPAL SINGH (PRINCIPAL), DR.HARPREET KAUR GREWAL (HOD of APPLIEAD SCIENCES), DR.AKSHAY GIRDHAR(DEAN ACADEMICS) were among them.their words felt like we were already a part of GNDEC family. Then the chief guest came ER.RAVINDER GARG who is the chief engineer at municipal corportation ludhiana. He taught us how with time everything is evolved and we need to work hard to achieve success.Then the  IInd chief guest ER.RAKESH KUMAR (ADC LUDHIANA) who was a a GNDEC alumunus of 1991 batch gave us a motivational speech . We were also taught about education loan, the terms and conditions required. Then later on  we were taken to our alloted buildings where college faculty introduced themselves.DR.KIRAN JYOTI (HOD of CS) came and talked with us about how our hardwork, deication and skills will make us get good packages. We were informed about examinations, mentoring groups and other important information.In this way the first day of college ended happily:)

# DAY 2(1ST AUGUST)

# FOOD: A PIVOTAL ROLE IN STUDENTS'S WELLNESS

## With the starting of day 2 at college, With our arrival to college, two proficiency tests:

## English Proficiency Test
## Mathematics Proficiency Test were conducted by our seniors so as to understand us and our intelligence. My both test went good but not better , may be because  i forgot all basic concepts in past 3,4 months . After both the tests were conducted, we were taken to the auditorium for the event. After about 30 minutes, all students were addressed by agents of NEHRU SIDHANT KENDER TRUST about their SATYA SCHOLARSHIP aimed to provide service to atleast 50 needy students from the college.It was good what a great work they are doing to empower the future of india.Then DR.ARASHDEEP SINGH came and informed us about why health is also important with studies. He educated us which type of food to eat and to avoid junk food. His lecture was very much informative and useful for me. After his education, our seniors introduced us to GITHUB and MARKDOWN platforms for our activities and assignments submission.
# Day 3 (2nd august,2025)
## with the start of 3rd day of college,at first we all visited to the auditorium to attend a very inspiring lecture of Dr.Jaswinder Singh(renowned for Jaswins's Lab on Wheels) brought physics and maths to life through fun,simplified experiments and demonstrations. He was such a good speaker...He educated us with his maths skills about waheguru and ek onkar. One thought which inspires me  is that "We are here in college not to study, but to learn ".I hope he would take more sessions like this. Then the next session was delivered by Dr. Priyadarshni,an esteemed expert in Universal Human Values.She spoke about critical role of ethics and values in the field of engineering, education and professional practice.Her session helped the students understand the importance of empathy, responsibility,and integrity in shaping a meaningful career and life. She said how nowadays we people are more into physical facilities instead of understanding and relationships, that we need to prioritise right understanding and relationships first than physical facilities.The day concluded on a reflective note,reinforcing the message that technical knowledge,when guided by human values,leads to true success and growth.
# Day 4 (4th August)
## with the start of 4th day ,i got to know that there  was my first ever lecture in college,I was very excited,Our first lecture was of P2P where basics of C++ were taught by our seniors. They took doubt of every student to make them understand properly. After P2P lecture, we had lecture of English where Prof. Manjot Kaur educated us about the subject basics and took introductions from all of us. After our lectures, we were taken to auditorium where we attened Dr.Priya Darshni mam's 2nd lecture on UHV.It was an inspiring and educational session of her. We learned how to balance physical and mental health, to be kind and to respect others feelings and opinions. After this,The Causmic Club team also showcased their vibrant initiatives,giving freshers glimpse into creativity,leadership and innovation.They suggested us to be a part of this club. Then we were given important information about laptops and which one to buy if we are planning to do so.With this, our 4th day was over...
# Day 5 (5th august)
## with the start of 4th day ,i got to know that there was my first BEEE lecture then chemistry lecture
